Update audio-text-alternative-e7aa44.md from TF survey responses (#1828)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/audio-text-alternative-e7aa44.md

## Applicability

> This rule applies to any [non-streaming](#non-streaming-media-element) `audio` element that:

Reviewer: Can use the ["listed condition"](https://act-rules.github.io/pages/design/rule-design/#listed-conditions) syntax (since we update the rule):
```suggestion
This rule applies to any [non-streaming](#non-streaming-media-element) `audio` element for which at least one of the following is true:
```

</html>
```

#### Passed Example 3

This `audio` element autoplays, and there is a transcript of the audio.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<audio src="/test-assets/moon-audio/moon-speech.mp3" autoplay controls></audio>
	<p>
		The above audio contains the following speech: We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things,
		not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best
		of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to
		postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.
	</p>
</html>
```

> ### Failed

Reviewer: There should probably be a Failed case with an autoplay attribute.

Author: Thanks @Jym77. 

I modified Fail Ex 2 to autoplay.
